# A day in the life with the Aston Martin DBX 707: Practicality and daily usability

## Assessing the DBX 707's dimensions and accessibility for daily use

> [1](#startMs=1756658252955&endMs=1756658360955): Hey crew, I'll get the key to this 25 Aston Martin DBX 707. And today, we're going to see what it's like to live with. Starting with the spacing in my driveway, which is 16 ft wide by 19 and a half ft long. I've got the DBX parked maybe 5 inches in from the edge, sitting next to a new AMG CLE 53 that I'm also reviewing. That one is parked at a bit of an angle here. Back tire is just two or three inches in from the edge. With that spacing, there is plenty of room to walk between the vehicles. Both have those power folding door mirrors that do help, and there's just enough room to wheel a wagon through for our kiddos, but not a double wide stroller. The nose of the DBX is hovering just over the gutter at the front of my driveway. And at the back, that means there is ample space to walk in front of the hedge on the path to my front door. When first hopping in with the key fob on me, I can press in on any of these four door handles and that will unlock all four doors. I'll do that for the driver door. Press at the front, pull at the back of the handle, and I'll wait until I'm parked next to someone in a lot to show you the real door opening space. For now, let me just mention that you can stop these doors wherever you want to and they will hold that spot, allowing you to maximize your entry alley to the cabin. And the ride height of the DBX is just perfect for me at 6 ft to slide in horizontally. And as I close that door, it will soft close the rest of the way for me. Hey cabin crew, thanks for joining for this day in the life in the DBX 707. In this video, I want to see if the more hardcore version of the DBX makes too much of a tradeoff or requires too much of a tradeoff to livability. Let's begin by firing it up.