---
alfred_tags:
- automotive/reviews
- gaming/racing
relationships:
- confidence: 0.85
  context: 'Luxury SUV reviews: Cayenne and DBX'
  source: inbox/Limitless Data/data-export_2025-12-07_23-12-37/lifelogs/2025/08/31/2025-08-31_16h02m35s_A-detailed-review-of-the-Porsche-Cayenne-s-midlife-facelift-covering-design-chan.md
  target: inbox/Limitless Data/data-export_2025-12-07_23-12-37/lifelogs/2025/08/31/2025-08-31_16h30m35s_A-comprehensive-review-of-the-Aston-Martin-DBX-covering-its-off-road-and-on-road.md
  type: related-to
---

# A detailed review of the Porsche Cayenne's midlife facelift, covering design changes, pricing, and interior features, along with a Carwow advertisement

## Porsche Cayenne

### Exterior design changes and significant price increases for the Porsche Cayenne

> [2](#startMs=1756656155800&endMs=1756656172800): Let's start off by talking about the design of the KN. So, as part of the midlife facelift, Porsche have given it a slightly slimmer rear light bar, and in the past the Porsche logo was covered with like a plastic covering. Now it's exposed. You get different exhaust designs depending on the model.

> [2](#startMs=1756656172800&endMs=1756656202800): Here's a look at some of the other ones. Now in the past, the starting wheel size was 19 inches. Now it's 20s and they go up to 22s. And Porsche have made the wheel arches a little bit more pronounced to give the car a sportier look. One thing that I'm really glad they've changed is for the e-hybrid models, used to have this horrible lime green backing to the logo and lime green brake calipers. That has now gone. Thank goodness. It was awful. Did us change at the front now. It is a severe facelift, but in a good way. So you've got a new bonnet with these pronounced creases.

> [2](#startMs=1756656202800&endMs=1756656232800): completely redesigned front bumper and grill and more angular headlights. And now all versions get matrix LEDs as standard. I think it looks more aggressive than before and more expensive, but then it is more expensive. You see, the entry level KN used to start at 56,000 pounds. It now starts at just over 70,000 pounds. That's some serious inflation right there. This is the hybrid. It starts around 80,000 pounds. And this one with options, it's 101,000 pounds, which is just

### An advertisement for Carwow, a service for buying new and used cars

> [3](#startMs=1756656232800&endMs=1756656260800): first. Once buying a new or used car, then you need to visit Carwow. We'll help you find your perfect car. Price you'll love. Just answer a few simple questions about the car you want. Now trusted dealers will come back to you with great offers. Then choose the offer that's right for you and contact the dealer directly through Carwow. No haggling, no fees, and on average, Carwow users save over 1800 pounds. But what if you're not sure which car you actually want?

> [3](#startMs=1756656262800&endMs=1756656299800): No problem. Just pop over to our simple video reviews. Read our impartial expert advice or use our helpful car buying tools to discover your ideal car in a time at all. No wonder 95% of customer surveys said they wouldn't buy a car without Carwow. I'll put a link in the description of this video and the pin comment to take you directly to Carwow so you can see for yourself how it can help you. Or you can just click on the Carwow banner which will appear here at the bottom of the screen. Alternatively, just Google help me Carwow. And my team and I will help you choose your perfect car and get it for a price you'll love. Now on with the video.

### Interior upgrades and new features in the Porsche Cayenne

> [2](#startMs=1756656299800&endMs=1756656321800): There are a few serious upgrades to the inside of the KN as part of this midlife facelift. So, you've got a completely new dash design, which I think looks very good. The word of warning, make sure you select the extended leather, which is over 2,000 pounds extra, because then you get leather on the top of the dash. If not, you get a sort of polyurethane dash, which just is unbecoming in a car such as this.

> [2](#startMs=1756656322800&endMs=1756656352800): Also you get extended leather all the way down here and here and in the lower parts of the doors as well. Lovely and us. And everything feels solid and well made. I also like the fact that you have the door handles like the 911. They're not the easiest to grab, but they do look cool. You also get steering wheel from the 911 with a little five side to there. Nice. In terms of the seating position, well, fully adjustable. I don't like the fact though that you have a manually movable steering column. There's lots of adjustment.

> [2](#startMs=1756656352800&endMs=1756656382800): But once again, it feels a little bit cheap having something like that when like its key competitors, BMW X5 and so on and so forth, you have an electrically operated steering column. In fact, my old KN has an electrically operated steering column. Anyway, back to the new dash design. If you notice down here, the center console is completely different. I like the fact that you have separate climate control buttons and they're physical switches. Though the seating and stuff you have like touch sensitive buttons. Though a panel that actually moves. Can you see that? It's a bit odd, but it sort of works.

> [1](#startMs=1756656423494&endMs=1756656919886): when they're over there. Not really, not that things like that, you see, can be a bit of a faff. So like navigation system that you get with this car is pretty blooming good. Just taking a while to update because the signal's not great here. However, you get Apple Carplay and Android Auto, both of which are wireless and standard. There is one thing that I've noticed that I'm not so keen on though. Have a look along the line of this trim. Can you see how it's all wibbly wobbly, higgledy piggledy, not so goody. Not sure if you noticed this either, look. You can get a screen for the passenger. So they can mess around with entertainment functions and stuff like that and even watch movies as you drive along. Anyway, let's move on to storage. We've got a little bit under here. You've got your cup holders there, your 12 volt socket there. Don't know if you're ever going to use that. little area here for storing your keys and that's your wireless charging pad for your mobile phone and two USB-Cs. Can you see? There you go, look. Down here is a glove box. It's a decent size. We have decent size door bins as well. Pretty big, look, pretty big. And inside it's lined with felt. You can't see that, but trust me, it's lined with felt. So it stops things rattling around in there. Let's just check out. Yes. Look, like my old KN. You have the double visoridge. We like that. We like that a lot and a decent size vanity mirror. Nice. Ooh, it's a bit new. There's plenty of room here in the back of the KN. Lots of knee room, plenty of foot space. Look, you can really stretch out underneath the seat in front. Head room is good as well. Look, even with this optional panoramic glass roof, which is lovely because it sends light into the cabin. And this pane actually opens up as well, which is really, really good. I can also do this though. I can move the seats forwards and backwards to increase boot space if I need to and you can recline the seat backs as well. Obviously, I've got them in the most recline setting. You've got ISOFIX anchor points here, so on the two outer seats. Let's try this middle seat. Someone's like the three in the back. It's a little bit firmer than the outer seats, but it's doable. Though there is this hump in the floor. Can you see that? So you do have to straddle all that thing there. But it's not terrible. In terms of practicality, look, we've got some netting here. Got very big door bins. If you look here, we have cup holders. Shame that it's exposed because you end up putting your arm in them when you're resting there. But you do have through loading there if you need to carry longer items. In terms of tech, this one has the upgraded rear climate system. So obviously you've got dual zone climate control back here. Plus heated and cooled outer seats, which is pretty blooming lovely. That's one thing I want to try out. Does this? To be able to let this all the way down. Down. That's also good. So to keep the kids entertained, you do have seat back screens there, so they can basically just stand their mobile devices for the entirety of the journey. But maybe they won't need them because they've got the windows to look out. However, this car may be a no-go for you if you need to carry more than three people in the back. Because if you need a seven seater, you can't get a seven seat version of the KN. Instead you're going to have to look at a BMW X5. And if you want to see my full in-depth video review of that car, click on the pop-out banner appearing in the top right hand corner of the screen or follow the QR code which should be appearing on the screen now. The boot capacity of the Porsche KN is pretty impressive. 770 liters of space. However, this is the hybrid version, so it has 620 liters of space because you've got battery motoridge shenanigans under there. Oh well. Still a decent size though. An Audi Q7 hybrid does have a slightly bigger boot. And if you want to see my full in-depth video review of that car, click on the pop-out banner appearing in the top right hand corner of the screen or follow the QR code you're seeing right now. If not though, serve me because look, if you have the air suspension on the car, you can raise and lower the boots. Look, press of a button, lower it down to make it easier to lift things in and out. And as you can see here, look, there's no load lip to lift things over. See what else we've got in the boot. You've got a hooky area there. Over here, we have 12 volt socket in there. You've got some nettage there. Now if you want to carry bigger items, obviously you need to fold down the rear seats. But you can't do it from the boot. You have to come and press the handle on the side here like that. So bear with me. And that is a bit of a shame. And it brings you on to five annoying things about the new Porsche KN. If you have the upgraded 14-way adjustable seats like these ones, then you lose the ISOFIX anchor points which you have on the normal entry level eight-way adjustable seats, which is a bit annoying when you consider that even my first generation KN has ISOFIX on the front passenger seats. As with most plug-in hybrids, while the charge port cover is locked and unlocked when you lock and unlock the car, the actual petrol or fuel cover is kept locked. I think it's a safety thing for like electricity and fuel and sparks and explosions. So to open that, you then have to, oh, I almost whacked my head, you then have to press a button on here, which you don't have to do on the normal just internal combustion engine model. The central armrest is a little bit far away. Fortunately, you can slide it forward. Look. Though then you cover the cup holder. it. The charging cable bag on this e-hybrid model takes up loads of space in the boot. Look at that. Plus, while this load cover has a really handy handle to make it easy to remove, there is no space underneath there to store the load cover, which means as with many other hybrids, the regen braking causes a strange grinding sound when you're just shuffling along steadily on the brakes. Have a listen. That's not very Porsche, is it? Thankfully, this car has plenty of cool features to help make up for all this. Here's five. There is a special film on the passenger's entertainment screen. So that means that when they're watching movies such as this, look, you can see I'm watching a movie. When the driver looks across, this is what they see. Look. You can't see it, can you? Can't see it. Safety first, people. For just under £1,000, you can get an electronically deployable towing hitch. Come on. Oh, steadily, steadily, steadily. Come on. Don't know why I'm doing this. Ah, satisfying. See what's also satisfying? You know how hybrids often can't tow the maximum amount compared to the normal ice versions? You can with this Porsche KN e-hybrid. It can tow three and a half tons, which is the maximum permissible towing weight anyhow. Well done, Porsche. The wireless charging pad has an inbuilt fan which blows your phone to keep it cool so it doesn't overheat when you're charging it wirelessly. Look, can you see that? Dipping in the band. Clever. You can control the front passenger seat using the driver's seat seat controls if you toggle it a menu in the entertainment system. So look, I'm going to move my controls. My seat won't move, but his seat will. Now you can use that for, you know, if someone big needs to get into the car, you can move the seat back, then move it forward just as you need to. Or you can use it to prank the person in the passenger seat like that. You better hope the airbag doesn't go off. It's not good, is it? That's how you're going to be driving. There we go. It's all right. You're all right. No? No. Quite they're powerful, aren't they? Look at that. Oh, that's really bad. It's tap out. This is UFC, the car version. The car's ventilation system is linked to the satellite navigation. So if you're driving along and you're going to a tunnel, the car knows and it will switch the air from outside to recirculate so you're not breathing in fumes. You can also upgrade for a special particulate filter which includes an ionizer. You can also analyze the quality of the air inside and outside of the car. What's a bit odd is that

> [4](#startMs=1756656919890&endMs=1756656928890): It's saying that the outside air quality where we're surrounded by trees and greenness isn't as good as the inside, which I'm confused about because I've just farted.

### Cayenne engine options and company car tax benefits of hybrids

> [4](#startMs=1756656929890&endMs=1756656965890): There are quite a few choices of Cayenne that you can go for. So let's talk about just the internal combustion engine versions. So there's a 3 liter V6 with this much horsepower. Then there's a 4 liter twin turbo V8 with this much horsepower. Then there's the plug-in hybrids. There's the E hybrid, which is this car, which is a 3 liter V6 and electric motor with this much horsepower. Then there's the SE hybrid, which is the same engine but with a different horsepower output with this much power. And finally, there's the turbo hybrid, which has a 4 liter twin turbo V8 and an electric motor for this much horsepower.

> [4](#startMs=1756656965890&endMs=1756657009890): Ooh, so which one would you go for? Well, I personally would go for the normal S 4 liter twin turbo V8. However, I wouldn't do that if I was having it as a company car. And here's why. You see, this particular car has pretty much the same horsepower as that internal combustion engine S. It's only 4 horsepower difference. However, the benefit in kind difference is huge. Now, if I have this as a high rate taxpayer, I'm going to pay about 2 and a half thousand pounds in company car tax. If I have the normal S and pay company car tax, that's going to be 12 and a half thousand pounds to the tax man. And that's why these plug-in hybrids are actually the best sellers, even though they shouldn't be. Anyway, that's enough for that. Let's move on.

## Porsche Cayenne E-Hybrid

### In-town driving experience, features, and fuel economy of the Cayenne E-Hybrid

> [4](#startMs=1756657009890&endMs=1756657095890): Let's start driving this Porsche Cayenne in town. The first thing to note is that you're going to want to pay the extra 1700 pounds for the air suspension. Now, air suspension makes a huge difference to how luxurious this car feels as it goes down the road. It helps the car deal with bumps and potholes and it gives it this kind of like wafty pillowy feeling to it, which is impressive considering this E hybrid is rather heavy, weighing in at 2.4 tons compared to just over 2 tons for the entry level Cayenne, which doesn't have all the hybrid electric gobbins. Now, driving around town in the E hybrid is actually really relaxing because most of the time it's just going to run on electric only power. In fact, it can go to 84 miles an hour on electric power alone, which is really quite good. Also, the claimed range on electric only power is 46 miles, though I think that's a bit optimistic. Now, let's check out the turning circle. This vehicle is fitted with a rear wheel steering, but it only turns the rear wheels at 3 degrees. The result is that you get a 12.1 meter turning circle, which is only about 10 centimeters better than the car without the rear wheel steering. By comparison, if you get a Range Rover Sport with rear wheel steering, you get an 11 meter turning circle. Click up there to watch my full in-depth video review of the Range Rover Sport or follow the QR code. And this is the result. I think I might have made it round there if I'd have been in the Range Rover Sport, but not in this. Now, what I want to do, see the cameras. Come on, show me the cameras. Why haven't you popped up? I'm going to get some help. Am I about to hit this van? Let's get into reverse.

> [5](#startMs=1756657096890&endMs=1756657099890): I think it's very close to be honest, very close.

> [4](#startMs=1756657099890&endMs=1756657105890): Here we go. Let's see if we can do it. It doesn't like it. It might like it. It likes it.

> [5](#startMs=1756657105890&endMs=1756657106890): So you're good now.

> [4](#startMs=1756657106890&endMs=1756657289890): So, the next thing is, can I get it around this bit? This is looking very much less likely. Now, this is not going to happen. So, yeah, I think I might have done this in the Range Rover Sport, but not in the Cayenne. Thankfully, I've got the surround view cameras. Unfortunately, they are a cost option, as with the air suspension. All right. Okay. Options galore on this thing. You kind of need them. Overall, the visibility, if you're not using the cameras, is pretty good. This pillar isn't too thick. That window is a reasonable size. Good size door mirrors, quite easy to drive slowly in town. The steering does have a bit of weight to it though, for that kind of reassuring sporty Porsche feeling. What's less Porsche feeling is the brakes. Now, because this is the hybrid, the first part of your braking is regen and it just feels a bit squidgy, spongy compared to if you had a normal Cayenne without regen braking, then you get the more kind of solid trustworthy feeling of standard Porsche brakes. You know, they're no worse than the equivalent like hybrid version from Mercedes or BMW. It's just not quite as nice or as natural feeling as the standard brakes that you get on the non-hybrid versions of the Cayenne. FYI. Now, I'm doing all this driving in town in electric only mode, but if I prod the accelerator, it will engage the engine. It's very smooth, look. No jolting, no jerking, just a slight pickup in performance and look, it's turned off again. Very, very consistent. Just adds to the relaxation that you can get from this car. Surprising, isn't it? Being in a Porsche that's relaxing. They're more a bit like. Now, you're probably noticing that as I'm driving along, the economy figure is going up. So initially it was 28.4 miles to the gallon, which is pretty poor considering Porsche claims this car is supposed to do 188 miles to the gallon. However, the reason we got that figure, that 28.4, was because we've been running the car with the hybrid mode in hold. So essentially it's just been running constantly using the engine, not using any battery or electricity, just to keep the charge in the battery. Now, the reason I've done that is because I wanted to see exactly what economy you'd get out of this 3 liter V6 if you're just driving it over a longer distance because if you're doing lots and lots of miles, you'll rinse through your battery and then you've just got a V6 petrol plus a load of extra weight, all the battery stuff that you're having to carry around. And interestingly, when you're cruising on the motorway, just on the power of the engine, no electricity being used, 28.4 MPG. Whereas I actually tried the 4 liter V8 petrol only version, the Cayenne S, on a cruise, I got 30 miles to the gallon. So the reality is that if you're going a long distance and you're cruising, the normal V8 will be more efficient than this E hybrid. So you really only benefit from the hybrid system when you're charging it regularly and you're doing short journeys because look, it's going up because at the moment I'm driving around just using the battery. That's how it works. Oh, and of course, the old company car tax saving. Anyhow, let's just check the hybrid system while I'm in. Just in, let's go into. What are you? Wait. Yeah, hybrid auto. So here's the

> [4](#startMs=1756657289890&endMs=1756657290891): Just in, let's go into. What are you? Wait. Yeah, hybrid auto. So here's the