# דיון על נושאים מגוונים, החל בשאלות אישיות וכ заканчи בהתקנת תוכנה חדשה.

## נושאים נוספים
### שאלות אישיות

> [1](#startMs=1748253002811&endMs=1748253006811): when they send that to you will learn.

> [1](#startMs=1748253048811&endMs=1748253049811): What can I do tonight?

> [1](#startMs=1748253064811&endMs=1748253065811): Now are you done?

> [1](#startMs=1748253066811&endMs=1748253068811): Now you're not serious.

> [1](#startMs=1748253156811&endMs=1748253159811): I wish I could get I put too much on.

> [1](#startMs=1748253162811&endMs=1748253167811): I'm like I'm 400 years old and I'm going to be about to shout about just to learn.

> [1](#startMs=1748253167811&endMs=1748253171811): Why would you say this should not belong?

> [1](#startMs=1748253171811&endMs=1748253175811): Maybe I should be in the United States of America.

## התקנות ותצורה
### התקנת Supabase

> [1](#startMs=1748253235811&endMs=1748253236811): All right, folks, let's hit it.

> [1](#startMs=1748253237811&endMs=1748253242811): You can enable password perfection if you want and certificates, we're not going to enable them for now.

> [1](#startMs=1748253242811&endMs=1748253244811): This is just for the alpha version.

> [1](#startMs=1748253245811&endMs=1748253247811): It first installs Supabase.

> [1](#startMs=1748253247811&endMs=1748253249811): It's a gargantuan service.

> [1](#startMs=1748253249811&endMs=1748253254811): It has a vector DB, Arnold DB, analytics, studio, and whatnot.

> [1](#startMs=1748253254811&endMs=1748253265811): So it takes a while until it actually ends up getting installed, but it is going to give us a complete end-to-end back end for anything we might want to.

> [1](#startMs=1748253265811&endMs=1748253272811): And once it's done, it then moves on to active pieces, which is a new app that I'm experimenting with right now.

> [1](#startMs=1748253272811&endMs=1748253275811): It's kind of like N8N, but more AI first.

> [1](#startMs=1748253275811&endMs=1748253278811): Once that's done, it installs Cal.

> [1](#startMs=1748253278811&endMs=1748253281811): Now Cal.com is a calendly alternative.

> [1](#startMs=1748253281811&endMs=1748253287811): It is open source, but I'm currently dealing with some issues with creating the database connections.

> [1](#startMs=1748253287811&endMs=1748253294811): It is using the installed Supabase DB, but it is having some challenges with with the data source.

> [1](#startMs=1748253294811&endMs=1748253304811): And then it creates a Docker API service, blogging, then it installs prowl, and just a nice happening pretty quickly, working on Kubase.

> [1](#startMs=1748253304811&endMs=1748253310811): So you should be able to edit your Supabase database tables from within Noco DB.

> [1](#startMs=1748253310811&endMs=1748253312811): Noco DB is an air table alternative.

> [1](#startMs=1748253312811&endMs=1748253318811): Once it's done, it starts installing Engine service on public port, the address.

### התקנת Engine

> [1](#startMs=1748253319811&endMs=1748253322811): Later main, you will be able to custom domain stuff.

> [1](#startMs=1748253322811&endMs=1748253323811): It's all done.

> [1](#startMs=1748253324811&endMs=1748253327811): So now, let's move on and see what we got.

> [1](#startMs=1748253410811&endMs=1748253416811): and domain name support and that's when you will be able to have all freight running on your own custom domain.

> [1](#startMs=1748253416811&endMs=1748253420811): Now, once Engine is installed, it's all done.

> [2](#startMs=1748253420027&endMs=1748253424027): It's all done. So now, let's move on and see what we got.

## סקירת אפליקציות
### סקירה של אפליקציות מותקנות ב-Offered West Desktop, כולל הדגמה של פתיחת אפליקציות כמו Cut ו-N8N.

> [2](#startMs=1748253443027&endMs=1748253507027): I've done the installation as I showed you in the previous video, you will get an IP address, which is your public IP address and that's all you need to type into your browser. It might give you a warning for security, but uh once we introduce domains and everything and certificates are going to be sorted out and it's going to go away. So this is the offered West desktop. Here are all the apps in the dock. If you're using a Mac, it's going to be pretty familiar. And these are all open source free applications that are currently running on your Digital Ocean droplet or on your whatever server. This is the offered menu. If you click on it, you can see all the apps that are installed and running. If you want to turn them off, you can literally shut them down. Like they are running inside their own containers. We're using something called Docker for that. So you can shut off and turn on the individual Docker containers at will. And then you can also see system status, which shows us the system load. And as you can see, it is under considerable load and that's mainly because of Superbase. Superbase is a monster. Okay, so let's say if I

> [2](#startMs=1748253549027&endMs=1748253569027): it open cut, it will open up this link shortener for me. If I want to shorten a link because I haven't yet set a custom domain, it will actually create a short URL from the domain or from the IP address, but if you want to add the domain, you can just do it directly from cut. Same thing with

### המשך הדגמה של אפליקציית N8N ויכולותיה.

> [2](#startMs=1748253570027&endMs=1748253582027): N8N. So I just click on it and N8N loads. And now I can start creating my N8N workflows, I can start using web hooks, I can do everything I would do in a railway or digital

### הערה קצרה על דומיינים ותעודות.

> [2](#startMs=1748253639027&endMs=1748253643027): domains and certificates we're not going to need.